hey guys Jack Frost matter here so last
episode I did something pretty
embarrassing I am why didn't I didn't
show it but I just basically searched
everywhere for in the wrong spots really
so that's the easiest way to explain it
anyway now I know where the wool is so
I'm going to go get it I completely just
searched in the wrong area before but
now I know that this is the area so I
know what I'm looking for now there's so
many mobs so many thought they were
behind me there alright so i know this
is in the right way and there it is
right down there can you believe it oh
gosh
I'm gonna try to get to the diamonds
yeah there's diamonds right there oh
gosh so many mobs let me
go ahead and craft some torches ok for
and here it is come on that's the room
so I'm going to try to set this they're
diamonds no diamonds all right looks
like we're ending this series diamond
list anyway whoa nailed it the Wolves
right there folks I know you guys are
probably I'm just speechless guys I'm so
speechless we okay now now I'm gonna now
I'm gonna start acting like I have a
heart night and like what oh gosh sneaky
sneaky poop stain oh there it is nailed
it so hard basically up there there's a
throne but it's kind of hard to get up
there so I'm gonna see what's down here
I passed by this there's a torch good
whatever i'm gonna go places in the
monument and I'm done I'm done the
orange wall up here it means lava but
you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
have some fun before I leave I'm gonna
leave this map with a bang he makes no
sound yet at least I can't hear it even
I can hear all the other sounds so
whatever TNT diamonds wool mobs alright
this I don't think this could end any
better guys i'm done i have completed it
you're all i need to do is climb up here
and i will be a champion a 100-percent
champion in Minecraft Pocket Edition
sandy islands blast bellows custom map
I'll be a champion I have conquered it I
have conquered this map I have found
diamonds not mind them I have found tien
teen exploded it to kill mobs I have
exploded sandstone I've done so much i
have found wool i also wanted to
SpongeBob's house and there was nothing
in it and i almost cried to death
because all it was was birch and i was
like hoping there'd be something cool in
it but there wasn't how'd i get out of
here now hear this office is right there
okay anyway holy cow folks
yes the final stretch the victory
stretch I have done it I have completed
this game look okay no no high score but
one and I have an iron i have mine so i
did click that look blue light blue red
run over here yellow orange and purple i
have completed it now i'm going to fall
into this trap for funds row fail so
hard Luke wooden birch oh yeah I've
completed with a high score with the
countable high score what are you going
to do who is going to stop me I am
victorious yes thanks for watching this
series show me some support show me some
love and I will talk to you guys later